Add Row Details documentation. (#604)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/datagrid/row-details/row-details-overview.md

---
title: Overview
page_title: .NET MAUI DataGrid Documentation - Row Details Overview

> description: Learn how to present additional information about DataGrid row by using row details functionality.

Reviewer: Good job on the description!
```suggestion
description: Learn how to present additional information about DataGrid rows by using the row details functionality.
```

position: 0
slug: datagrid-row-details-overview
---

# .NET MAUI DataGrid Row Details Overview

> The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI DataGrid control is capable of presenting additional information with a Row Details functionality. The Row Details is a Data Template defined on the grid- or row-level and is used for displaying data without affecting the dimensions of the row and the cells within it.

Reviewer: That's a good introduction!
```suggestion
The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI DataGrid control is capable of presenting additional information through the Row Details functionality. The Row Details is a Data Template defined on the grid- or row-level and is used for displaying data without affecting the dimensions of the row and the cells within it.
```

> The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI DataGrid control is capable of presenting additional information through the Row Details functionality. The Row Details is a Data Template defined on the grid- or row-level and is used for displaying data without affecting the dimensions of the row and the cells within it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Telerik UI for .NET MAUI DataGrid control is capable of presenting additional information through the Row Details functionality. The Row Details is a Data Template defined on the grid or row level and is used for displaying data without affecting the dimensions of the row and the cells within it.
```

![DataGrid Row Details Overview](images/datagrid-row-details.png)

> To show the Row Details you can use exposed options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To show the Row Details, you can use the following exposed options:
```

> - Using the default column `DataGridToggleRowDetailsColumn`&mdash;allows showing and hiding the row details for an item. For additional information you can refer to our DataGrid [Toggle Row Details Column]({% slug datagrid-columns-toggle-column% })

Reviewer: - "Use" is already included in the sentence that introduces this list. You don't have to repeat it.
- Avoid "our" and "we".

```suggestion
- The default `DataGridToggleRowDetailsColumn` column &mdash;Allows showing and hiding the row details for an item. For additional information, refer to the DataGrid [Toggle Row Details Column]({% slug datagrid-columns-toggle-column% })
```

> - Using `SelectionChanged` event.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `SelectionChanged` event.
```

> The DataGrid exposes the current properties:

Reviewer: Add more detail to this sentence. What is the purpose of these properties? What is the common thing between them?

> The DataGrid exposes the current properties for row details functionality:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DataGrid exposes the following properties that control the row details functionality:
```

> * `AreNowDetailsFrozen` (type `bool`)&mdash;The property indicates whether the row details keep position during horizontal scroll.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `AreNowDetailsFrozen` (type `bool`)&mdash;The property indicates whether the row details keep their position during horizontal scroll.
```
